Remember Daxia
No one can cover the sky with one hand
Huo Jinliang remembers Mr. Xiao's teaching
After all, the Wuwei Army is the kingdom of heaven of Great Xia
Mr. Xue, this is my business card
What will you do in Silver City in the future?
Please repeat at any time.
Does Yaoyao still hurt?
Yao doesn't love Uncle
Does uncle hurt?
Uncle is bleeding a lot
The uncle was injured a lot, and the trauma was not considered
Uncle suffered many injuries
Then uncle must have had a hard time.
To meet such a cute child as Yaoyao
No matter how hard the days are, they will come
Xiao Chen
What is your identity?
What identity can I have?
Just an ordinary veteran
Really?
Then why does Huo Shoufu look so afraid of you?
Look at him like he's on fire for you
emotion
Soldiers, big or small
It's all for the hero
Faithful Soul Warrior
And it wasn't me that he feared.
It's the might of a million soldiers behind me
Of course, not to mention the Three Heroes Gang
I have friends who did well after I got out of the military
The report call just now was made to him.
Really?
Of course it's true if I really have any identity
Where can I sell fish?
Fortunately, Yaoyao is alright
You can leave now.
i
Don't think you just got married for us
I will forgive you
We have nothing to do with you anymore.
Please don't disturb us again in the future.